WIP: Change cookie index separator to underscore (#34)
pusher/oauth2_proxy: README.md

    auth_request_set $auth_cookie $upstream_http_set_cookie;
    add_header Set-Cookie $auth_cookie;

>     # if you enabled --set-authorization and your cookies are split into multiple parts,

Reviewer: This bit needs a little more context IMO
```suggestion
    # When using the --set-authorization flag, some provider's cookies can exceed the 4kb 
    # limit and so the OAuth2 Proxy splits these into multiple parts. 
    # Nginx normally only copies the first `Set-Cookie` header from the auth_request to the response,
    # so if your cookies are larger than 4kb, you will need to extract additional cookies manually.
    auth_request_set $auth_cookie_name_upstream_1 $upstream_cookie_auth_cookie_name_1;
```

    auth_request_set $auth_cookie $upstream_http_set_cookie;
    add_header Set-Cookie $auth_cookie;

    # When using the --set-authorization flag, some provider's cookies can exceed the 4kb 
    # limit and so the OAuth2 Proxy splits these into multiple parts. 
    # Nginx normally only copies the first `Set-Cookie` header from the auth_request to the response,
    # so if your cookies are larger than 4kb, you will need to extract additional cookies manually.
    auth_request_set $auth_cookie_name_upstream_1 $upstream_cookie_auth_cookie_name_1;

>     # you also need to extract the additional cookies, because $upstream_http_set_cookie

Reviewer: The suggested change thing also doesn't cope with multiple lines 😢 Can you remove the extra lines it's left in

Author: Now it should be correct :)
